Update telemetry privacy document for UI interaction and exceptions (#12123)
github/codeql: docs/codeql/codeql-for-visual-studio-code/about-telemetry-in-codeql-for-visual-studio-code.rst

If you opt in, GitHub collects the following information related to the usage of the extension. The data collected are:

- The identifiers of any CodeQL-related VS Code commands that are run.
    - For each command: the timestamp, time taken, and whether or not the command completed successfully.

> - Usage of UI elements, including buttons, links, and other inputs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Interactions with UI elements, including buttons, links, and other inputs.
```

>     - The contents of links or text inputs is not recorded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Link targets and text inputs are not recorded.
```

>     - Mouse movement and hovering is not recorded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Mouse movement and hovering are not recorded.
```

> - Occurrence of exceptions and error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Occurrence of exceptions and errors.
```

>     - All sensitive information such as file paths or non-static exception message content is removed before uploading.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - All sensitive information such as file paths and non-static exception message content is removed before uploading.
```

- No CodeQL database names or contents
- No contents of CodeQL queries
- No filesystem paths

> - No user-input text

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- No user-input text
- Mouse interactions, such as movement and hovers
```
